readme: add maintenance warning (#491)
Lightning-AI/lit-llama: README.md

# ⚡ Lit-LLaMA ️

![cpu-tests](https://github.com/lightning-AI/lit-llama/actions/workflows/cpu-tests.yml/badge.svg) [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Lightning-AI/lit%20Models/_apis/build/status%2FLightning-AI.lit-LLaMA?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/Lightning-AI/lit%20Models/_build/latest?definitionId=49&branchName=main) [![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lit-llama/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1077906959069626439?style=plastic)](https://discord.gg/VptPCZkGNa)

<pre>
<b>⚠️ Warning: Not Actively Maintained</b>

This repository is no longer actively maintained. For a more up-to-date alternative, please visit the LitGPT project:
<a href="https://github.com/Lightning-AI/litgpt">https://github.com/Lightning-AI/litgpt</a>, which serves as the successor to this repository.

> Feel free to explore, fork, or contribute here, but be aware that no further updates or support will be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to explore, reuse, or fork, but be aware that no further updates or support will be provided.
```
